‪["Baby Ngimanzi Wuthando" playing]
‪[phone chimes]
‪[knocks on door]
‪-[Nkazi. Ashley. Hayley giggling]
‪-[Grace] Hey. Big and strong.
‪Good morning.
‪-[ululating]
‪-[Joyce chuckles]
‪Whose daughter is this?
‪-[Joyce] Oh. stop it. Mom.
‪-25 years waiting for this day. MaJele.
‪Today is your rebirth. Joyce.
‪-[chuckles]
‪-This is your moment. you got that?
‪Today. Ma. is our day to celebrate.
‪Happy.
‪after everything that we've been through.
‪Let's be happy.
‪-Hey. babies.
‪-[ululating]
‪-Hello. my babies.
‪-Look at your mom. Can you see her?
‪-[Joyce] Wow.
‪-[exclaims]
‪["Victory Lap" playing]
‪Morning. beautiful.
‪Morning. sir.
‪[both breathing heavily. grunting]
‪-[both moaning]
‪-[phone buzzing]
‪Fuck. fuck. fuck!
‪-[phone rings. chimes]
‪-[shushes]
‪[both panting]
‪I'm coming. I'm coming. I'm on my way.
‪-[door opens]
‪-No. Uncle. No.
‪Uh-uh. uh-uh. No. no.
‪You really have the worst possible timing.
‪[sighs]
‪[zips pants]
‪Hey. boy.
‪Who do you think you're talking to?
‪[sighs] No. I'm sorry.
‪[Magesh clicks tongue]
‪-Thank you. Buhle.
‪-Okay.
‪-[clears throat]
‪-[chuckles]
‪Wow.
‪Read this.
‪-What's this?
‪-Those are your expenses. Menzi.
‪The company credit card isn't yours.
‪Look at the bank charges.
‪Parties and girls… for what?
‪What's going on?
‪Uh. but Uncle.
‪you taught me all of this. you know?
‪But you know our clients
‪need to be entertained. old timer.
‪So I taught you to be careless?
‪No. old timer.
‪I wasn't just drinking alcohol only.
‪This was for work. old timer.
‪Um. you wanted to see me?
‪Yes. Sarah. Sit down.
‪Sit down. I wanted to see the both of you.
‪It sounds serious. What's up?
‪My children. I was talking to your father.
‪-Now--
‪-No. If you're talking about Jonasi.
‪-then this meeting is over.
‪-Menzi.
‪-I don't wanna talk about it.
‪[Sarah] Menzi. Oh. my word.
‪Menzi.
‪Menzi. Menzi. wait.
‪I know we all have our reasons
‪to be angry at our father.
‪But the man is dying. Menzi.
‪He's dying.
‪Doesn't that count for anything?
‪I won't keep repeating myself.
‪I don't want anything
‪that has to do with Jonasi.
‪Menzi. I'm not saying forgive him.
‪what I am saying is that
‪you shouldn't let him
‪keep living in your head day and night.
‪-Wow.
‪-The space you're giving him?
‪It's not worth it.
‪Wait. wait. Hold on. my sister.
‪See. if Jonasi starts taking his
‪medication now. he won't die.
‪I want to hear from you now.
‪This advice you're giving me now.
‪is it working for you and Mpume?
‪-[sighs]
‪-Oh.
‪So. you're still
‪not talking to each other?
‪Now. listen.
‪Whatever you decide to preach to me.
‪make sure you practice it first.
‪[scoffs] Don't tell me about Jonasi.
‪[glasses clinking]
‪[Grace] Tumelo.
‪Please lay out everything nicely
‪and place the vases in between.
‪Okay? Thank you.
‪-Wow. wow. wow.
‪-[exclaims]
‪-Our psychologist.
‪-[chuckles]
‪My goodness.
‪-Granny.
‪-Welcome home.
‪-Oh. my goodness. I've missed you.
‪I've missed you.
‪Help your mother
‪with the other things. Get to work.
‪[sighs] Mom.
‪[Joyce gasps]
‪-[whimpers]
‪-Oh. baby.
‪-[Menzi] Oh. wow. Oh. wow.
‪-[both giggle]
‪-Who's that? My brother.
‪-Is that who I think it is?
‪-How are you?
‪-[all laugh]
‪[Menzi] I'm good.
‪-Oh. my bro. bro. Bro!
‪-Bring it in.
‪[both exclaiming. laughing]
‪-Oh. my goodness.
‪-Hey. you're so grown now. huh?
‪-What?
‪-No ways. I'm seeing things. Mom.
‪This is Jonasi's blazer.
‪-Ah. I'm staying out of it.
‪-It's not like he still wears it.
‪-Mom.
‪-Wow.
‪What? Leave me alone.
‪Go to your grandmother.
‪-Come.
‪-Take off that blazer.
‪[Menzi] Your daughter is at it again.
‪How's Menzi doing?
‪He seems a bit different.
‪[chuckles]
‪He's good. He's really trying.
‪This thing of yours of not
‪wanting to come home and visit.
‪-You should come more often.
‪-[scoffs]
‪You know how I feel about that house.
‪It's full of bad memories.
‪And as for you.
‪-I'm so proud of you.
‪-[chuckles]
‪You know. I feel like
‪I lost myself for a bit there.
‪-Yeah.
‪-You know?
‪But now… now I feel
‪like I found myself all over again.
‪and I'm happy.
‪I love it for you. Ma.
‪Thank you.
‪I sometimes think about him
‪and often wonder where he is.
‪-Wow.
‪-What is he doing? With who? And where?
‪That's Jonasi Gomora for you. Mpume.
‪I know him and everywhere he's been.
‪You see. where he is right now.
‪we can bet a million
‪he's up to his usual shenanigans.
‪[moaning]
‪-Yeah.
‪-[Lindani] Yes!
‪[both moaning]
‪-[grunting]
‪-[Lindani panting]
‪[suspenseful music playing]
‪[coughing]
‪[lover] So you don't have a problem
‪with your dad hearing us have sex?
‪-[coughing]
‪-[Lindani chuckles]
‪[panting] Yeah. don't worry about him.
‪-He's gonna be fine.
‪-[coughs] Bitch!
‪You're a fucking bitch!
‪["Everything's Sweet" playing]
‪Mpume.
‪Hi. I heard you're around.
‪And I've been trying to reach you. Mpume.
‪[sighs] I just want us to talk. Mpume.
‪I want to apologize
‪for everything that happened.
‪Sarah. apologizing won't change anything.
‪I know.
‪What I did was fucked up. Mpume.
‪Honestly. I was hurting. It was--
‪A cry for help. right?
‪-I've heard that story before.
‪-It's not a story. Mpume.
‪I wanted to tell you the truth
‪about us being sisters.
‪But I was afraid.
‪Also hearing the awful things
‪you'd say about the twins.
‪-They're just kids. Imagine me…
‪-So that gave you a free pass. Sarah?
‪[scoffs] Even with Bongs?
‪You knew how much I loved him. Sarah.
‪-You knew that.
‪-[scoffs]
‪You're something else. you know.
‪You're so annoying.
‪God! You're so fucking high and mighty.
‪[chuckling] Oh. please. What?
‪Have you ever put yourself in my shoes?
‪Imagine living with what I lived with
‪for 18 fucking years!
‪I didn't ask you to lie to me.
‪That was your choice.
‪Yes. you didn't have to ask me.
‪daddy's little girl.
‪But the chance
‪for me to tell you the truth.
‪you never gave me that.
‪You're not perfect. You are cruel.
‪One thing I know about myself. Sarah.
‪[sniffles]
‪Cruel as I might have been.
‪what you did to me.
‪I would've never done that to you.
‪If I could take it back
‪or change anything. I would.
‪[sighs] Sarah. except you can't. hey?
‪Let go of me. Sarah.
‪At the end of the day though.
‪we're still sisters.
‪-We're family.
‪-You're not my sister. Sarah.
‪Mpume. [cries]
‪[guests chattering]
‪[exhales]
‪[sighs]
‪[groans. breathing shakily]
‪[Lindani chuckles]
‪[stammers. grunts]
‪[wheezes. coughs]
‪[Lindani] Can you handle it?
‪Yes. I'm coming.
‪-[Jonasi] Lindani.
‪-Just give me five minutes.
‪-Yeah.
‪-[Jonasi] Lindani.
‪I know you're gonna love the fact
‪that I'm wearing the dress you like.
‪-[Jonasi] Help.
‪-Hmm?
‪[grunting]
‪[dramatic music playing]
‪[breathing heavily. grunting]
‪[Jonasi] Lindani.
‪Lindani.
‪Lindani. please!
‪[grunting]
‪[defecates. grunts]
‪[coughing]
‪Lindani.
‪Lindani. please help me.
‪-[groaning]
‪-[grunts]
‪[groaning]
‪-What?
‪-[sighs]
‪I've been calling you!
‪-[Jonasi groans]
‪-[sniffs]
‪Why am I smelling crap?
‪Jonasi. you shat yourself!
‪[Jonasi panting]
‪Hi. X.
‪X.
‪It's been a while.
‪I don't want to talk to you.
‪You knew Lindani was cheating on me.
‪but you didn't tell me.
‪Come on. no.
‪Don't lie.
‪You knew she was cheating.
‪you just didn't know it was with your dad.
‪I'm so sorry about that. X.
‪X. if it makes you feel any better.
‪Bongs cheated on me as well.
‪With Sarah.
‪Isn't she. like. your sister?
‪[Mpume] She is.
‪My boyfriend slept with my sister.
‪and my dad slept with my best friend.
‪-Yeah. All at the same time.
‪-[scoffs]
‪-Wow. that is--
‪-That's messed up. I know.
‪Um. would you… Would you like a drink?
‪-Come on. you're still asking?
‪-No way.
‪-I think you need one.
‪-[both chuckle]
‪["Zaka" playing]
‪[no audible dialogue]
‪-[laughing]
‪-Just look at your mother.
‪[guest] Joyce. beautiful as always.
‪These are for you.
‪Thank you so much.
‪-They're beautiful.
‪-[chuckles]
‪I appreciate you for being here.
‪Oh. I wouldn't have missed it.
‪[chuckles]
‪Such an important day like this?
‪-[Joyce chuckles]
‪-Never.
‪[Joyce] I appreciate it.
‪[Jonasi] You're a fucking bitch!
‪-[groaning] Lindani.
‪-I'm your bitch!
‪[wailing]
‪Now I have to wash your ass!
‪You're not the one
‪who has to wash shit off a grown man.
‪-Move. Move. Move.
‪-[wailing]
‪My life is at a stand still
‪because of you.
‪I've been telling you
‪to drink your medication. Gosh!
‪I've been saying the same thing.
‪-You're dying anyway!
‪-[wailing continues]
‪[guests applauding. cheering]
‪[chuckles] My goodness.
‪Thank you.
‪And thank you so much to everyone
‪for taking the time to celebrate with me
‪on this momentous occasion in my life.
‪-Well. it's about time.
‪-[guest 1] Yeah.
‪-[all laugh]
‪-Oh. stop it. Mom. [chuckles]
‪Making the decision to raise my kids
‪and build my family
‪is a decision I'll never regret.
‪But now. at this juncture in my life.
‪-I've taken another decision.
‪-[guest 2] Amen.
‪-To pursue and accomplish my dreams.
‪-[guest 3] Uh-huh.
‪-Do the things I want to do.
‪-[guest 4] Yes.
‪-For me. fill my cup.
‪-Mmm.
‪And that's exactly what I did.
‪[all applauding]
‪-[Menzi cheers]
‪-[guest 5] Yeah!
‪I'm so proud
‪to finally announce to you all
‪that I have written a memoir.
‪[guests cheering. ululating]
‪[Joyce chuckles]
‪Sister. congratulations.
‪I can't wait for you guys to see it.
‪you know.
‪-Hold it. touch it. feel it. read it.
‪-[guest 3] Yes.
‪But for now. I want us to make a toast.
‪But this toast is not gonna be for me.
‪This toast is for every single person
‪in here.
‪To our dreams
‪and our achievements as well.
‪All of us.
‪And to remind one another
‪that no matter where we are.
‪no matter what we've done
‪or where we come from.
‪it is never. ever too late
‪to start again.
‪-Here. here.
‪-[all] Here. here.
‪[guests whistling. cheering]
‪Here. here.
‪[Grace ululating]
‪[Lindani] Wow. wow. wow.
‪-[dramatic music playing]
‪-[guests gasp. exclaim]
‪[guests murmuring]
‪You're right. Joyce.
‪It's never too late to start again.
‪You can start by being a good wife.
‪-[Jonasi scoffs]
‪-And take care of your husband.
‪[Jonasi] You're enjoying my money.
‪All this is because of me. [coughing]
‪Right. Joyce?
‪-[Lindani] My shift is done.
‪-[clears throat. sniffles]
‪Now it's your turn to look after our man.
‪[coughing]
‪-I've never had a good wife.
‪-[Lindani] Sick!
‪-[Grace] Magesh. do something.
‪-[Jonasi] Hello. Grace.
‪-Champagne.
‪-[Grace scoffs]
‪Hello. Joyce.
‪-[stammers] Brother.
‪-[Jonasi] Let me remind you of our vows.
‪-You know. you're a piece of shit.
‪-[Magesh] What are you doing here?
‪-You sold me out. You're a sell-out.
‪-You're making a noise.
‪-Brother. let me go. Let go of me!
‪-[Magesh] You're embarrassing yourself.
‪Let's just go.
‪[guests murmuring]
‪[Joyce breathing shakily]
‪[dog barking]
‪[liquid sizzling]
‪[sighs]
‪[dialing]
‪[line ringing]
‪Oops. [sighs]
‪[Lindani] ‪Essie.
‪Yeah. I wanted to let you know
‪that I'm on my way.
‪And what's that got to do with me?
‪Huh? [scoffs]
‪You know what? Just give Jonasi the phone
‪because you're rude.
‪I'm sure he hasn't even eaten.
‪If you're looking for Jonasi.
‪you'll find him with Joyce.
‪-Hey.
‪-‪That man is not my problem anymore.
‪-What do you mean?
‪-‪I'm saying that Jonasi is with his wife.
‪His "for better or for worse".
‪[chuckling] ‪Jonasi doesn't want you.
‪-‪When will you accept that?
‪-What? My word!
‪Who do you think you're talking to? Huh?
‪Now that you're having sex
‪with an old man. you think you're a woman?
‪Listen here.
‪I'll come there and beat you up.
‪-[call ends]
‪-Huh--
‪[scoffs] Such a bitch.
‪[Jonasi] Joyce.
‪Joyce! [breathing heavily]
‪-[coughing]
‪-[door opens]
‪[Joyce chuckles] I know.
‪I'm fine. Don't worry. okay?
‪No way.
‪This is nothing.
‪Okay.
‪I love you too. [giggles]
‪Bye.
‪[sighs]
‪-[chuckles]
‪-[phone beeps]
‪Joyce.
‪Please call Lindani
‪and tell her to come here right now.
‪I told her I didn't want to ever
‪set foot in this cursed house.
‪[Joyce] Is this you. Jonasi?
‪You can't even get up the stairs?
‪Hmm?
‪Another thing. the only curse here
‪-is you.
‪-[grunts]
‪That Lindani you're relying on. Jonasi.
‪thinking she has your back?
‪-She's not coming.
‪-Call her.
‪-She'll come.
‪-No one is coming for you.
‪[sighs]
‪-[coughs]
‪-[Joyce] Just look at yourself.
‪-There's nothing… nothing left of you.
‪-[Jonasi] Joyce. is this you now?
‪-Hmm?
‪-You now have the guts
‪-to talk to me like that? Hmm?
‪-Yes.
‪Even in death you're disrespectful.
‪-Always the entitled bastard.
‪-[coughing]
‪All right.
‪Lindani is who you want me to call?
‪-Call her.
‪-That's all right.
‪Let's give her a call. then.
‪-I'll humor you.
‪-[breathing heavily]
‪Let's give her a call.
‪-Because you need proof. right?
‪-[dialing]
‪[phone beeps]
‪[line ringing]
‪Lindani.
‪-Hmm?
‪-[coughing]
‪[Joyce] Wow. Would you look at that?
‪-[call disconnected]
‪-[breathing heavily]
‪Oh. no. no. no.
‪Uh-uh.
‪Let me try again.
‪-Surely. she'll pick up. Right?
‪-[line ringing]
‪-[Jonasi coughs]
‪-[call disconnected]
‪Hmm? [laughs]
‪You know what's actually funny
‪is that you actually thought
‪Lindani would really come back for you.
‪The young. beautiful Lindani?
‪Who can get any man that she wants?
‪That Lindani?
‪Will come back for you in this state?
‪[cackles] Oh. I'm sorry.
‪Do you think this is funny. Joyce? Hmm?
‪I need your help here.
‪-Oh. gosh.
‪-And you're mocking me.
‪-I'm sorry.
‪-You're insulting me. Joyce.
‪-I'm sorry. Jonasi.
‪-Hmm?
‪My bad.
‪-It's fine. Call… Call MaQwabe.
‪-Mmm.
‪Call MaQwabe.
‪-She's always there when I need her.
‪-"MaQwabe's always there when I need her."
‪Hey. man. Stop being pathetic.
‪What kind of man are you?
‪You are truly pathetic.
‪Joyce. stop it.
‪Remember that time
‪I told you to come back home?
‪-[Jonasi wheezes]
‪-I wanted to help you.
‪I was willing to look past every
‪single thing that you did to me
‪and look after you.
‪You chose a slay queen
‪who doesn't give a damn about you.
‪only wanted you for your money.
‪That is what you chose.
‪So go back. Jonasi.
‪Go back to your filth
‪-and die! Go back there.
‪-Joyce. please.
‪-Go back to your bullshit. Go die there!
‪-[coughing]
‪Go back! Go back to your trash.
‪-Go back to where you come from.
‪-J-Joy… [grunts]
‪[sobbing] Joyce.
‪[wailing] Joyce!
‪[coughing] Joyce!
‪Joyce.
‪Joyce. [coughing]
‪[wailing] Joyce!
‪[sobbing] Joyce!
‪[wailing]
‪[somber music plays]